################################################################################
                        AMICO software license agreement
                          Version 2.0.0, 24 July 2023
################################################################################

------------------------------------PREAMBLE------------------------------------
This license agreement (“Agreement”) is a legal agreement between you and the
Diffusion Imaging and Connectivity Estimation laboratory (“DICE lab”) for the
use of the AMICO software (“Software”). By downloading and/or using the
Software, you hereby accept and agree to all the terms and conditions of this
Agreement. As used in this Agreement, “you” refers to any individual or
organization that uses the Software.


------------------------------TERMS AND CONDITIONS------------------------------
[1] License Grant
Subject to all the terms and conditions of this Agreement, the DICE lab hereby
grants you a worldwide, non-exclusive, non-transferable, limited license to
copy, use, modify, and redistribute the Software solely for research and
educational purposes, free of charge.

[2] Commercial use
You may not use the Software and/or any work based on or using the Software for
any commercial purpose, including but not limited to selling, licensing,
distributing, renting, or leasing the Software for profit. If you want to use
the Software for commercial purposes, you may contact the DICE lab to obtain a
commercial license agreement. The DICE lab may consider offering a commercial
license, subject to negotiation of appropriate terms and conditions, including
but not limited to the payment of a license fee and compliance with any
additional restriction on the use of the Software.

[3] Attributions and Acknowledgments
You agree to provide an acknowledgement identifying the Software and referencing
its use in any publication, presentation, research result, and product related
to or arising from the use of the Software. You also agree to give proper
attribution to the original Software and reproduce this Agreement in any
modified and/or redistributed work based on the Software.

[4] Patents
If you plan to file a patent application based on or using the Software, you
must contact the DICE lab. The DICE lab may have certain rights or restrictions
related to such patents that need to be addressed before filing the application.

[5] Compliance with Law
In exercising your rights under this Agreement, you agree to comply with all
applicable governmental laws and regulations, including but not limited to the
use, export, and transmission of the Software. You are solely responsible for
ensuring that your use of the Software complies with such laws and regulations.
The DICE lab is not responsible for any violations of such laws or regulations
by you.

[6] Warranty
The Software is provided "AS IS" without warranty of any kind, express or
implied, including but not limited to the warranties of merchantability, fitness
for a particular purpose and non-infringement of third-party rights. The
Software may also contain errors and is subject to further development and
revision. The DICE lab does not guarantee the accuracy of the Software or any
result or data arising from the use of the Software.

[7] Disclaimers
The Software has been designed for research purposes only and has not been
reviewed or approved by the Food and Drug Administration or by any other agency.
You acknowledge and agree that clinical applications are neither recommended nor
advised.

[8] Limitation of Liability
In no event shall the DICE lab be liable to any party for any direct, indirect,
special, incidental, exemplary, or consequential damages, however caused and
under any theory of liability, arising in any way related to the Software, even
if the DICE lab has been advised of the possibility of such damages. Except to
the extent prohibited by law or regulation, you assume all risk and liability
for your use of the Software. You also agree to indemnify and hold harmless the
DICE lab from and against all claims, suits, actions, demands, and judgments
arising from your use or misuse of the Software.


------------------------------------CONTACT-------------------------------------
If you have any question about the terms of this Agreement, you may contact the
head of the DICE lab Alessandro Daducci at alessandro.daducci@univr.it
